never tell me the odds!
well, you said you wanted to be around when i made a mistake.
you do have your moments. not many, but you have them.
i love you. i know.
ben! i can be a jedi. ben, tell him i’m ready!
i'm not afraid.
now, witness the power of this fully operational battle station.
hmm! adventure. hmmpf! excitement. a jedi craves not these things.
that’s no moon. that's a space station.
these are not the droids you are looking for.
laugh it up, fuzzball!
only at the end do you realize the power of the dark side.
it’s not impossible. i used to bullseye womp rats in my t-16 back home, they’re not much bigger than two meters.
it's a trap!
he is as clumsy as he is stupid!
i find your lack of faith disturbing.
uh, we had a slight weapons malfunction, but uh… everything's perfectly all right now. we're fine. we're all fine here now, thank you.
i assure you, lord vader. my men are working as fast as they can.
apology accepted, captain needa.
yeah... you’re a real hero.
a jedi knight? jeez, i’m out of it for a little while, everyone gets delusions of grandeur!
i'm luke skywalker! i'm here to rescue you!
everything is proceeding as i have foreseen.
only a master of evil, darth.
boba fett? boba fett? where?
aren't you a little short for a stormtrooper?
travelling through hyperspace ain't like dustin' crops, boy!
r2-d2, you know better than to trust a strange computer!
told you, i did. reckless is he. now, matters are worse.
that boy is our last hope.
obi-wan kenobi, you are my only hope.
the universe is big. it's vast and complicated and ridiculous. and sometimes, very rarely, impossible things just happen and we call them miracles.
you want weapons? we're in a library! books! the best weapons in the world!
amy pond, there’s something you’d better understand about me 'cause it's important, and one day your life may depend on it: i am definitely a mad man with a box!
we're all stories, in the end. just make it a good one, eh?
the assembled hordes of genghis khan couldn't get through that door. and believe me, they've tried.
there's no point in being grown up if you can’t act a little childish sometimes.
courage isn't a matter of not being frightened, you know. it's being afraid and doing what you have to do anyway.
you don't just give up. you don't just let things happen. you make a stand! you say no! you have the guts to do what’s right, even when everyone else just runs away.
there's always something to look at if you open your eyes!
one good solid hope is worth a cartload of certainties.
some people live more in 20 years than others do in 80. it’s not the time that matters, it’s the person.
for everything, there is a first time.
live long and prosper.
logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.
this... is ceti alpha five.
lieutenant, you are looking at the only man to beat the no-win scenario.
everyone remember where we parked.
let them eat static.
do you know the old klingon proverb that revenge is a dish best served cold? it is very cold — in space.
yours is the superior intellect.
admiral! there be whales here!
'it was the best of times, it was the worst of times.'
of my friend i can only say this: of all the souls that i met on my travels, his was the most... human.
beam me up, scotty!
she can't take much more of this, captain!
second star to the right and straight on 'til morning.
lots of planets have a north.
under the jurisdiction of the emergency protocols, i authorize you to execute this man!
yousa thinking yousa people ganna die?
i don't care what universe you're from, that's got to hurt!
love won't save you, padme. only my new powers can do that.
don't try it, anakin. i have the high ground!
there’s always a bigger fish.
are you an angel?
i sense count dooku.
ani? my goodness, you've grown!
i've been wondering... what are midichlorians?
i have the power! unlimited... power!
it is only natural. he cut off your arm, and you wanted revenge.
always two there are, no more, no less.
he owes me what you'd call a 'life-debt.' your gods demand that his life belongs to me.
from my point of view, the jedi are evil!
a vergence, you say?
you were banished because you were clumsy?
you are in my very soul, tormenting me...
at an end your rule is, and not short enough was it.
your new empire?
they live inside me?
your presence is soothing.
you don't want to sell me death sticks.
henceforth, you shall be known as darth vader.
i can't watch any more.
a dream that became a reality and spread throughout the stars
just before they went into warp, i beamed the whole kit and kaboodle into their engine room, where they'll be no tribble at all.
right out of hell, i saw it!
you will die of suffocation, in the icy cold of space.
the mid-1990s was the era of your so-called third world war.
we simply must accept the fact that captain kirk is no longer alive.
they seemed to have been spared the agony of your first three world wars, doctor.
you are authorized to use all measures available to destroy the enterpise.
in four hours the ship blows up.
mr. spock, the women on your planet are logical. that's the only planet in the galaxy that can make that claim.
you! what planet is this?
use the force, luke!
no, i am your father.
run, luke, run!
you can't win, vader. if you strike me down, i shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine.
use the force, luke.
may the force be with you.
